add mailable attachment test documentation (#8195)
laravel/docs: mail.md

<a name="testing-mailables"></a>
## Testing Mailables

> Laravel provides several convenient methods for testing that your mailables contain the content that you expect. These methods are: `assertSeeInHtml`, `assertDontSeeInHtml`, `assertSeeInOrderInHtml`, `assertSeeInText`, `assertDontSeeInText`, `assertSeeInOrderInText`, `assertHasAttachment`, `assertHasAttachedData`, `assertHasAttachmentFromStorage`, and `assertHasAttachmentFromStorageDisk`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Laravel provides several convenient methods for testing that your mailable contains the content that you expect. These methods are: `assertSeeInHtml`, `assertDontSeeInHtml`, `assertSeeInOrderInHtml`, `assertSeeInText`, `assertDontSeeInText`, `assertSeeInOrderInText`, `assertHasAttachment`, `assertHasAttachedData`, `assertHasAttachmentFromStorage`, and `assertHasAttachmentFromStorageDisk`.
```
